DBZ-6731 Document blocking snapshot signal configuration (#4769)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/partials/modules/all-connectors/proc-triggering-an-incremental-snapshot-sql.adoc

If you do not specify a value, the connector runs an incremental snapshot.

|6
|`additional-conditions`

> | An optional array of additional condition that specifies a condition that the connector evaluates to designate a subset of records to include in a snapshot. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| An optional array that specifies a set of additional conditions that the connector evaluates to determine the subset of records to include in a snapshot. +
```

> Each additional condition is an object with `data-collection` and `filter` properties. You can now specify different filters for different data collection. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each additional condition is an object with `data-collection` and `filter` properties. 
You can specify different filters for each data collection. +
```
